Docs/backfiling: adds curl commands to clear the query cache (#4468)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/url-examples.md

* [How to send Influx data to VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-send-data-from-influxdb-compatible-agents-such-as-telegraf)
* [URL Format](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#url-format)

## /internal/resetRollupResultCache

> **Reset the query cache, which could contain incomplete data cached during the [backfilling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#backfilling)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resets the response cache for previously served queries. It is recommended to invoke after [backfilling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#backfilling) procedure.**
```
